Add Update and Unpublish App Services information (#157)
smartdevicelink/sdl_hmi_integration_guidelines: docs/AppService/PublishAppService/index.md

Purpose
: Registers a service offered by the HMI on the module

!!! note

> An app service may send a PublishAppService RPC request mutiple times. Additional PublishAppService RPC requests will update the app service manifest and trigger an OnSystemCapabilityUpdated notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HMI may send a PublishAppService RPC request multiple times for a given service type. Additional PublishAppService RPC requests will update the app service manifest, rather than creating a new service, triggering an OnSystemCapabilityUpdated(MANIFEST_UPDATE) notification.
```
